When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Point to minimise, maximise and close.
Explain that X means finished with this window.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Open one app, wait, minimise it, bring it back, then close it.
Repeat slowly.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type the word for the button that closes a window.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Staff gives the four actions in order.
You attempts each before staff prompts.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.